add: always track utm tags (#128)
mautic/mautic-documentation: pages/09.contacts/01.manage-contacts/02.contact-monitoring/docs.en.md

All the Utm tags are available in the time entry, just by toggling the entry details button.

Mautic automatically tracks UTM tags for all requests (including visitors).

> Before version 3.2, UTM tags were only recorded on a form submission that contains the action "Record UTM Tags".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before [Mautic 3.3][mautic-3.3], UTM tags were only recorded on a form submission that contains the action "Record UTM Tags".
```

Reviewer: Please add the link macro at the bottom of the page: 

`[mautic-3.3]: <https://github.com/mautic/mautic/releases/tag/3.3>`
